BUOOLIO Ponrs OF ROME. 129

out thob exquisite grece which melros us delighl iu the poem where we

cannot recognize the genuino pnsbornl. A few other pisces of bucolic
verse, included by Wernsdorf in his second volume, may perhaps bo
worth c few lines of mention. (liberius Sidonius Syracusanus (the
suffixis nobeworthy, es compared wilh thoe of Calpurnius) contribules
un ‘Epigramma dc Tribus Posboribus,’ eight closely pocked lines,
epeoilying hbe antecedente, fortunes, occupatione, eges, musical qualifi-
cations, loves‚’eud love-presente of three shepherds. Severus Sanctus,
‘rhetor el poeto Christianus‚’ hus s dinlogue in Asclepied riennes, ‘de
Mortibus Boum,’ in which Bucnlus lumento lhe loss ol his cattle by cn
epidenric, finds chat Tityrus’ herde have escuped by being signed wilh
the croso, ond becomes himself u convert from Pogunism io Chrisliunily.
One Vespa wrilee ‘Iudicium Occi el Pistoris, iudice Vulcano,’ in which
lhe beker aud the cook extol cheir own orb end depreciebe euch obher's,
in verses of no clossicsl merit, bul wilh some humour, the cook being
told thet he is responsible for bhe suppers of Thyestes und Tereus, und
replying thet his ert supplies livor for Tityus, wings for Icarus, ond
beei for Europe Lesb comes nn Eclogne by the vener-oble Bede,
‘conflictus Veris el Hiemis, sive Cuculus‚’ Spring und Winber ergning
in verse before c company of shepherds for und against the appearance
of the cuckoo‚ cin the judges‚ nebumlly enough, decide theotho cuckoo
shall come, und conclude, ‘Solve dulce decus, cuculus, per soeculo
solve?

 

